And well come back it's time to install postgresql as curial on our windows machines.
This as always we'll look for you if you can download the app by typing Post course download into the
Google search.
But for the first result we get a visual postscript postscripts downloads page there we pick the windows
and when they install there we get redirected to another page to E-D post and the price dippie And now
we have to watch what you have to pick that version for your right Windows system.
As you know there are windows 64 bit and Windows 32 bit versions.
Just be sure that you pick the right one.
In my case it's the 64 bit version.
And I can download.
This is a really huge file.
And for this I've already downloaded it and I can live here and close it.
Let's move into my downloads directory and there I have the postscript as queue up.
And so this is Lomo install and it starts last Melcombe page.
Click next the install directory.
Keep this path in mind.
We will need this path aftermarket next.
Yes we will install everything with chips with post-Christmas CULE install starts at the rectory.
You can leave it and now you have to define your password for the user postscripts.
In this case I will use test because a chart.
Next the default port.
Just leave it 5 4 3 2 is the default port default local information.
Just leave all to this one until you get a nice summary about what you can figure out and what you choose.
Just hit next.
And now it takes a long time.
Let me fastforward is that you don't have to wait
who.
That was a really long install.
No let us um check this one and hit finish.
Let me close this.
And now let's have a look.
If it already work ethics back to the command prompt by typing the command which you already know from
Andreas wheedles.
P.S. to hit enter is not recognized as internal or external command.
Why not.
We already installed it.
Let me close the command prompt to check if it is probably installed.
You can use that too which already shipped with the installer.
It's the PGE admin for this movement into the boss Chris S Q will help and choose Peachi up in full.
This is the program with the graphical user interface Andri uses on his make peace Q.
But this one is not the way it will on Windows.
You can use Peachi admin.
This is the interface of this tool.
Click on this plus sign and an account is a plus.
On and on the base gross and yet looks like it worked.
We have installed postscripts as queue.
Let me close this
have a look into this directory again here you see a lot of those things and also ask L shell P S Q
Let us start this one.
So a local host is ok.
Just hit enter at the base post Chris.
Yes just use this one the port use default port and the username.
What this username default super user is post Chris.
So just hit enter here again and the password which you find in my case it was text.
And don't worry that you don't see anything if you enter the password.
This is a normal security layer on the command prompt on such command line tools that don't display
the amount of characters.
So just type it in and press enter.
All right.
We are in postscripts mode also but I'm a guy who wants everything within one command prompt and they
will start the command prompt.
I want to you want to use it also there.
So let me quit it.
But think control.
See I'm typing this again.
Move into the command prompt and try it again.
It doesn't work there.
This is something I will show you to fix.
And the next lecture becomes therefore we have to edit the system environmental pathway rule.
You may remember it from the get lecture or the no just lecture so I'll see you in the next one.